You can see here we have these Shub by category.
This is added to my storefront and we're going to see how you can add these images.
So let's open a can of Wordpress and I'm going I click on Brother X and then we have categories right
here.
So we're going to click here.
And for here you can see we have a match and then we have candle's guides of some kids and downwards.
So we're going up and these guys seem PBF and from here you can click you on thumbnail in opera or as
much so we can select the next match up with.
And we use these image and update
then we're going up in categories again and we have the come kids we're going to click on it and let's
review if we are more split up will emerge.
They like this one.
What I'm going to say here and we're going to these much and use this to match and update again.
Finally we're going to click on categories and we're going to get you on this because I know that that
was right here.
There's Lance so you can upload these.
Maybe I won't I will use the other ones.
These go under here.
I really like this one are blah.
This is very crazy.
So use that much and update.
So then you can go below the front end and you can see we have the guides the kids and the towers.
So you can click on concretes and it will take you to the category page.
That's nice.
And of course this is a store front in the next video so we're going to continue working with combers.
There is a world chap there where we're going to see how you can customize a storefront but now you
can see our Web site looks more like the online store.
Thanks to these theme.